[Page 1]
SUMMER INTERNSHIP REPORT 
A STUDY OF HR PRACTICES AT SHINE PROJECTS 
(AN EDTECH COMPANY) 
Submitted by:  
Students Name: Muskan Agarwal 
Class: BBA (Sem V) 
Enrolment no: A7006419049 
Specialization: HUMAN RESOURCE (HR) 
 
Under guidance of: 
Industry Guides name: Sri Harsha 
                             Faculty Guide: Mr. Samarth Pande 
Designation: Joint MD                                                    Designation: Assistant Professor  
Organization: Shine Projects  
                             ABS, Lucknow 
 
(SUMMER INTERNSHIP REPORT SUBMITTED IN PARTIAL FULFILLMENT FOR THE AWARD OF FULL 
TIME DEGREE OF BACHELORS IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (2019-22) 
 
 
AMITY BUSINESS SCHOOL 
AMITY UNIVERSITY UTTAR PRADESH LUCKNOW  
 
 


[Page 2]
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
 
This AGREEMENT is between the office of the register Amity University Uttar Pradesh Lucknow 
Campus and MUSKAN AGARWAL a student presently studying at the AMITY UNIVERSITY UP. 
The student named above desires to undertake summer internship /training program as intern at 
Shine Projects as a part of her studies. The competent authority of the institute where the student is 
presently studying has officially recommended the student, confirming his antecedents, track record 
and good moral character. I have read and understand the above definition of “confidential 
information “I agree that I will not at any time, both during and after my enrolment in University 
Internship, communicate or disclose confidential information to any person corporation or entity. It 
is understood that any breach of confidentiality will result immediate termination of the internship 
and that a report of the breach will be made by the concerned Head of Institution. 
 
HAVE READ THE ABOVE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTAND AGREE TO ITS TERMS. 
 
AGREED 
Muskan Agarwal 
A7006419049 
AMITY UNIVERSITY, LUCKNOW. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 3]
DECLARATION 
 
Title of project report –A Study Of HR Practices At Shine Projects  
  
  
I understand what plagiarism is and am aware of the Amity University’s policy in this regard  
  
  
I declare that   
  
  
(a) 
The work submitted by me in partial fulfilment of the requirement for the award of degree BBA 
assessment in this Summer Internship is my own it has not previously been presented for 
another assessment.  
  
(b) 
I declare that Selecting Human Resource this is my original work. Wherever work form other 
source has been used, all debts (for words data, arguments, and ideas) have been appropriately 
acknowledged and referenced in accordance with the requirements of NTCC Regulations and 
Guidelines.  
  
(c) 
I have not used work previously produced by another student or any other person to submit it 
as my own.  
  
(d) 
I have not permitted, and will not permit, anybody to copy my work with the purpose of passing 
it off as his or her own work.  
  
(e) 
The work conforms to the guidelines for layout, content and style as set out in the Regulations 
and Guidelines.  
  
Date:                        
                                                                                                                      Muskan Agarwal  
                                                                                                                       A7006919049                                       
                                                                                                    BBA (2019-22 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 4]
STATEMENT BY THE CANDIDATE 
 
Certified that this report is prepared based on the summer internship project undertaken by me in on 
the topic A Study of HR Practices Shine Projects from 6th May 2021 to 20th June 2021. Under the 
able guidance of (Dr./Mr./Ms.) Sri Harsha (Industry Guide) & Mr. Samarth Pande (Faculty Guide). 
In partial fulfillment of the requirement for award of degree of Bachelor in Business Administration 
[BBA] from Amity University, Uttar Pradesh. 
 
Date: 
 
Muskan Agarwal                              Mr. Samarth Pande                       Prof. (Dr). Rohit Kushwaha 
(Student Name)                                   (Faculty Guide)                                   Director (ABS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 5]
FACULTY CERTIFICATE 
 
Forwarded here with a summer internship report on “A Study of Human Resource Practice at Shine 
Projects’’ submitted by Muskan Agarwal Enrollment No.- A7006419049, student of BBA Vth 
Semester (2019-22). 
This project work is impartial fulfillment of the requirement for the award of degree of Bachelors in 
Business Administration from Amity University Lucknow Campus, Uttar Pradesh. 
 
 
Mr. Samarth Pande 
Assistant Professor  
Amity Business School   
Amity University, Lucknow Campus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 6]
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
It was a great pleasure for me to undertake this project entitled- A Study Of Human Resource 
Practices at Shine Practices on a broader aspect and Recruitment on a narrow down aspect.  I 
sincerely express my sense of gratitude to Sri Harsha (Founder, MD & CEO of Shine Projects) Mr. 
Samarth Pande (Assistant Professor), Amity Business School, Amity University, Lucknow for 
invaluable guidance and supervision. This Summer Project Report is the result of their generous 
attitude. 
 
I owe and respectfully offer my thanks to my noble parents for their constant moral support and 
affection which helped me to achieve success in every sphere of life and without their devotion this 
summer internship report would have been a sheer dream and not a hardwork. 
 
I am also thankful to my siblings and classmates for their help in finding materials, discussions, and 
encouragement during this research work. 
 
I sincerely acknowledge the efforts of all those who have directly or indirectly helped me in 
completing my summer internship report successfully. 
 
I submit this summer internship report of mine with great and utmost regard. 
 
 
 
 


[Page 7]
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
S.No. Content                                                              
1.  Synopsis                                                                  
2.  Objective of the study                                             
3.  Executive Summary                                                                                 
4.  Chapter I: Introduction   
 
▪ Introduction 
 
▪ Literature Review 
 
▪ Background of the study 
 
▪ Significance of the report                                                                                                                 
5.  Chapter II: Organizational profile of the company 
 
▪ 
The Background  
 
▪ 
Market segmentation   
 
▪ 
Collaborations  
 
▪ 
Product Profile 
 
▪ 
Product Line 
 
▪ 
Features of the Product 
 
▪ 
Competitors/Alternatives 
 
▪ 
Achievement/Awards         
 
▪ 
Swot Analysis 
 
▪ 
Experience                                                                  
6.  Chapter III: Data analysis and interpretations 
 
▪ 
Objective of the study   
 
• Research type 
 
• Data collection sources 
 
• Method of data collection 
 
• Primary research analysis 
 
• Secondary research analysis 
 
• Limitations                                                                                     
7.  Chapter IV: Findings and conclusion 


[Page 8]
 
▪ Findings 
 
▪ Questionnare 
 
▪ Conclusion 
8.  Annexure                                                             
9.  References                                                               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 9]
Synopsis for Summer Internship Programme  
  
  
Student is required to provide the following information at the time of registration within a week of 
joining their course in the industry.  
                                                                                                                                                                  
          
  
Student’s Name            -------------------------------Muskan Agarwal---------------------  
  
  
Enrolment No                              ----------------------A7006419049--------------------- 
  
  
Program                                     ----------------------------BBA------------------------------ 
  
  
Industry / Organization’s name  -------------------------Shine Projects-----------------------  
  
  
Address (If applicable)                        Road 10, Muppas Panchavati Colony, Hyderabad  
  
  
External Guide’s Name                                                 Sri Harsha  
  
Designation                       -----------------------    Stock Market Analyst----------------------  
  
  
Contact Details Ph (O):                       -------------89726 71436------------------  
   
  
Mobile: -------------78937 80465----------------  
  
  
Fax:                         89726 71436  
  
  
Email:                   info@shineprojects.in   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


[Page 10]
OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY 
The paper is written as a REPORT, reflecting on my One and a half-month internship at Shine 
Projects as a Human Resource intern and a learner. Below mentioned are the objectives to study 
research and learn from this summer internship programme. 
• To learn about how to distinguish and select apt profiles to suit the business necessities of 
Shine Projects in hiring specialists from the market. 
• To research the trustworthiness of internet while looking for work seekers. 
• To study and identify the expectations and needs of agent hired at Shine Projects and measure 
how satisfied they are. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 11]
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
My internship topic is Study of HR function. I have completed my internship from Shine Project. 
During my internship period my objective was to recruit some agents under my guidance to sell the 
courses provide by organization and answer their quires if any. At the same time I was asked to 
contact some institutes and colleges via mail to conduct a workshop by Shine Projects so that 
interested students can buy or register themselves for certified courses. 
 
This study examines how HR Function such as recruitment is practiced under an online education 
and training company. So with this reference the research paper has been conducted, based on the 
primary and secondary research in Shine Projects.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 12]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER I 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 13]
INTRODUCTION 
 
Online education is an electronically supported learning system, which relies on the Internet for 
interaction and distribution of course material between students and teachers. Online education 
sector is going through the period of high end expectations. Due to the pandemic it has received 
moderate level of acceptance. Still there is division between the groups that approve and disapprove 
of online education. 
Charter schools, ONLINE ACADAMIES, vocational centres, and corporate educational support 
services are among the other components of a modern education system. Undergraduate, graduate, 
and postgraduate students are taught by lecturers and professors in colleges, universities, coachings 
and online educational institues. 
 The development of this resource is heavily influenced by educational institutions. They're in charge 
of creating a talent pool for other businesses, which is crucial in today's global economy. 
 In this study we will mostly focus on the online education platform. Nowadays, People can learn 
new skills and increase their knowledge in a variety of methods these days, including traditional 
brick-and-mortar schools, online courses and certificates, and even social media video lessons. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 14]
HRM or Human resource management is the practice to manage employees and fulfil organizational 
requirements. Human resource management is an approach to meet one’s requirements and motivate 
them to perform at their best. To classify, to plan, execute, and to monitor falls under various HR 
functions that broadly and minutely can classify as functions of human resources. Some of the HR 
functions are- 
• 
Talent hiring 
• 
Onboarding 
• 
Training management 
• 
Performance  
• 
Workforce engagement 
• 
Payroll management 
• 
Compliance management 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 15]
LITERATURE RIVIEW 
 
A literature review is the most important step in the research process. It is an overview of the previously 
published works on a specific topic. The term can refer to a full scholarly paper or a section of a 
scholarly work such as a book, or an article. The purpose of a literature review is to gain an 
understanding of the existing research and debates relevant to a particular topic or area of study, and 
to present that knowledge in the form of a written report. Conducting a literature review helps you 
build your knowledge in your field. 
Online Education is a type of distance learning taking courses with nonexistent physical classroom, 
flexible schedules and reduced personal interactions. Instead teachers and students, interact over 
internet.  
 According to (Judith B. Strother, 2002). Online Education Sector or referred as E-learning 
has been used extensively not just for academic purposes for students but also for businesses   
and   corporate employees to   impart   training on various upcoming industrial revisions. 
Human: refers to the skilled workforce in an organization. Resource: refers to limited availability 
or scarce. Management: refers how to optimize and make best use of such limited or scarce 
resource so as to meet the organization goals and objectives.  
 When organisations involve in innovation, they need creative and innovative people, who are 
flexible, risk taking, and tolerance of uncertainty and ambiguity (Chen and Huang, 2007). 
 Recruitment is a part of HR Function Hemant Rao (2007) in his study he explained the role 
Human Resource Function in an organizational how important it is for HRM. He also said 
that an organization should work in such a way that they should treat the employees 
irrespective to cast, religion, gender etc. The productivity of the company is based on the 
quality of work done by the employees in the organization which is ensured through Human 


[Page 16]
Resource Functions.  
 Andries du Plessis, Andrew Hobbs, Rebecca Marshall and Sherrol Paalvast (June 
2008) “In 21st century it is necessary for organization that they should develop their 
competitive advantage and for this fulfilment of the goal this need that HR Functions and 
activities should assist the organization. For surviving in a global market and for meeting 
changing demand of costumer HRM should give stress on proper recruitment. 
 Are we there yet? What’s next for HR? is a paper written by Ulrich, Dave, Dulebohn, 
James H in June 2015. This paper tells you about how HR have evolved during the past 
decades, how it has moved from being a lower-level management entity to being a core 
function of an organization.it talks about HR brief journey during the past decades and what’s 
next in its future. It also talks about HR is helping the top executives of an organization 
maintaining a subtle relationship between the upper and lower-level management.  
The research paper takes a critical evaluation on e-recruitment relating the aspect to Shine Projects, a 
company which makes use of e-recruitment.  
 According to Hadji, (2015), defines e-recruitment as a process of using technology and 
electronic resources in order to attract, select as well as manage the recruitment of employees 
in a particular co-operation. The purpose of e-recruitment in this case is to identify as well as 
attract potential employees to the institution by use of electronic technology, the internet. 
 Stone, Dianna L., Deadrick, Diana L., Lukaszewski, Kimberly M., Johnson, Richard 
(2015) has written a paper on “The influence of technology on the future of human resource 
management”. It talks about how the current technology has effects on human resource 
management. It tells us that how effectively technology is HR to achieve its organizational 
goals. It also talks about how the technology in the future will improve human resource 
management. In my opinion it is a great paper as it helps us in understanding the importance 
technology in HR. 


[Page 17]
 However, El Ouirdi, Pais, Segers and El Ouirdi, (2016), e-recruitment refers to the use of 
the internet by companies and organizations as a form of finding new employees. According 
to the definition, e-recruitment involves the aspect of job advertisement in the internet and 
allowing for people to submit applications through the online platforms and employ them 
from that, there is possibly no direct contact before the employment.  
 
The summer training programme is designed to give participants real-world experience in the 
business world. Summer training programmes are designed for vacations in which advanced 
theoretical knowledge needs to be supplemented with on-the-job experience. As a result, the future 
manager will need to be willing to take on new responsibilities. The focus of this research is on the 
recruitment procedure at "SHINE PROJECTS, LUCKNOW." The organization needs to be more 
attentive to shifting situations and current trends when it comes to recruitment and this case is to 
identify as well as attract potential employees to the institution by use of electronic technology, the 
internet. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 18]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Background of the study 
Online learning in present time is playing a key role in putting India on global map. Online learning is 
one of the most important and required development patrons for the purpose of learning platforms. 
The online learning is playing an important role in changing India’s image from a steady moving 
learner to a land of innovative learning processes and global player in providing world class technology 
solutions. 
 India has become second largest market for the purpose of E-learning after the US. The sector is to 
expect to reach US$ 1.96 million by 2021 with around 9.5 million users. The Indian Education market 
is forecast to be worth US$ 8.6 billion by2026. Easy availability of the internet is the primary reason 
for the purpose of the growth of online education in India.  Between 2019 and 2020 the number of 
internet users in India increased by 128million. 
 
SIGNIFICANCE OF THE REPORT 
The aim of this project is to highlight the importance of e-recruitment in online education sector. E-
recruitment is mostly efficient regarding cost saving, followed by easy accessibility of large 


[Page 19]
candidates and time-saving. This paper helps in understanding the usefulness of the same as well as 
its downfalls or disadvantages. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER II 
 
 


[Page 20]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE OF THE COMPANY 
 
➢ The Background 
 
 
Shine Projects 
 
At Shine Projects they started their undeniable online activities from T-Center, Hyderabad, 
Telangana in May 2020, resolving the issues identified with the availability of instruction during the 
Coronavirus pandemic, with the conviction to prevail in our victory of aiding understudies who were 
influenced by the lockdown. Fulfilling the requirements of our students by giving a great training in 
a reasonable way is the plan.  
With a fitting business sector evaluation and a top class the management, they turned into the 
quickest developing instruction organization in India in a limited ability to focus time! The very 
much custom-made online courses have become significant and moderate impetuses in everybody's 
close to home and expert expertise advancement.  


[Page 21]
At Shine Projects they accept that the conventional method of tutelage is the best since it helps in 
powerful learning and helps in on the spot questions explanation. Thus, there significant courses 
consistently educated in a live strategy by means of Zoom stage.  
They have effectively led a great many live study hall meetings and online classes and prepared over 
50,000+ students. The organisation have likewise accomplished a remarkable rating of 4.7/5 with 
criticisms from over 3000+ up-and-comers on our Google page. Our linkedin, Instagram, twitter and 
youtube page are similarly essential.  
Thus are right now working in India, center east and U.S.; while additionally planning other likely 
areas.  
Shine Projects is a pioneer in conducting workshops for students and companies in India and abroad, 
to address the gaps and to take seekers to the next level. 
The beginning of the Company is the knitted results of the Coronavirus lockdown and the Founder’s 
passion for imparting affordable and high-quality practical education. 
 
MARKET SEGMENTATION OF SHINE PROJECTS 
• 
By Product – Content (Financial Market) and Services (Online Certification, Placement for 
part-time job)  
• 
By Learning Type – Chat, Voice, Video, and Live Streaming, E-Material, e-mail, Discussion 
Boards, and Social Networking 
 
 
 
 


[Page 22]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COLLABORATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 23]
 
 
 
PRODUCT PORTFOLIO 
 
Shine Projects is a pioneer in conducting workshops for students and companies in India and abroad 
also hire or provide Human Resource, Marketing and Business Development interns or internship 
across the globe. 
 
The extensive range of unique courses offered by Shine includes Share Markets Basic and Advanced 
Module, Career Orientation Program, Personality Development Course, Banking Advanced Module, 
Life Insurance Advanced Module, and Mutual Funds Advanced Module. Apart from this, “Financial 
Markets Crash Course” is the flagship programme of Shine Projects, taught by the founder himself. 
The crash course on the financial markets is a 7-day extraordinary course- teaching Share markets, 
Mutual funds, Insurance & Banking concepts– with over-the-top benefits. The Course is a package 
filled with numerous benefits that include course completion certificate, convenient time slots, lifetime 
subscription, premium study material with live teaching and live doubt clearing sessions– being their 
USP. 


[Page 24]
 
The inimitable feature is that, upon completion of the course, the student gets a personal LinkedIn 
recommendation from Mr. Harsha, this feature is currently available only with Shine 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRODUCT LINE 
Shine Projects basically offers online courses with certifications which adds credits to our CV, helps 
in boosting it and improves our skills and knowledge in the required field. Thus, the product line listed 
under the organization comprises of the online courses offered by it which are as follows: 
1. Financial Markets Triple Combo (Mutual Funds Advanced Module and Personality Development 
Included) 
2.  Stock Market Trading and F&O Trading Module 
3. Personality Development Live Module 
4. Organizational Skills 
5. Qualitative Aptitude 
6. Business Analyst Training Module  
7. C and C++ Programming Module 
8. Python Programming Module 
9. Banking Advanced Module (Coming Soon) 


[Page 25]
10. 
 Career Orientation Program (Coming Soon) 
11. 
 Share Markets Basic- Intermediate Level (Coming Soon) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FEATURES OF THE PRODUCT 
 
 
 
 


[Page 26]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shine Projects Competitors & Alternatives 
 
 
 
 
 
    


[Page 27]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS / AWARDS 
 
 Awarded as best startup of the year 2020 by Business Connect 
 
 Rated as the best company in focus by Prime Insights 2021 
 


[Page 28]
 Member at T-HUB supported by government of Telangana 
 
 Recognised by GOI as Training and Education company under ID TPO70557 
o Approved by National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) 
o Approved by Skill India 
 
 ISO 9001:2015 certified education company under ID QZ-VMZ2021081 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 29]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE AT SHINE PROJECTS 
 


[Page 30]
I joined Shine Projects to do an internship for my summer program. My internship with the 
organization was six weeks long. I decided I wanted to pursue Human Resource Management as my 
internship area.  
Since we were in the midst of COVID-19 pandemic it was an online internship. My working hours 
were flexible and there was not a lot of pressure. I gained working experience but as being an online 
internship it was not as helpful as on offline could have been. 
 
 


[Page 31]
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER III 
 
 


[Page 32]
RESEARCH METHODOLOGY 
OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY 
The paper is written as a REPORT, reflecting on my One and a half-month internship at Shine 
Projects as a Human Resource intern and a learner. Below mentioned are the objectives to study 
research and learn from this summer internship programme. 
• To learn about how to distinguish and select apt profiles to suit the business necessities of 
Shine Projects in hiring specialists from the market. 
• To research the trustworthiness of internet while looking for work seekers. 
• To study and identify the expectations and needs of agent hired at Shine Projects and measure 
how satisfied they are. 
 
RESEARCH TYPE 
For this study I have used descriptive research. 
Descriptive Research- Descriptive research aims to accurately and systematically describe a 
situation. It can answer what, where, when and how questions. A descriptive research design can 
use a wide variety of research methods to investigate one or more variables. 
 
DATA COLLECTION SOURCES 
There are mainly two sources which I have for collecting data. They are: 
Primary Data: It is the raw data or primary data which is collected by the user himself. This data is 
received directly from the stakeholders with the help of surveys and observations are made with the 
help of responses. It is not subjected to any kind of alteration or manipulations.  
Internal and external investigation was done. 


[Page 33]
Secondary Data: This kind of data is obtained by people other than the user. It is already available 
on some platform and it is analyzed by someone else. It can be obtained from books, magazines, 
newspapers and the web. This data is collected int his way as one might not have the necessary time 
or tools to collect primary data. Evaluation of best practices in the industry, peer comparison, 
comparison of websites. 
 
Method of data collection 
For this report a google form survey was created as well as some questions were asked via 
whatsaap to some agents. 
 
Primary research analysis 
Primary research began with the drafting of a survey/questionnare form. The form was created to 
research how newly recruited agents or marketing interns think about e-recruiting process of Shine 
Projects. The survey helped me to capture the view of newly recruited members of Shine Projects. 
The collected data led to several recommendations and conclusion. 
 
INTERPRETATION OF PRIMARY RESEARCH DATA 
Views about the organization: Majority of customers have neutral impression about the firm i.e 
neither to good nor bad. This is because even though the job was accurately paid with some benifits 
the distribution of certificate was sometimes delayed after the completion of tenure. 
 
 
According to the survey most people joined age between 18-25 through which we can interpret 


[Page 34]
either they are looking for a job for some experience in marketing, certificate provided or to make 
part-time money. 
 
SECONDARY RESEARCH ANALYSIS 
Secondary research began with collection of data through google, official websites, and material 
book provided by the organization itself. 
 
LIMITATIONS 
➢ Some agents and marketing interns might have given biased information when asked 
questions. 
➢ There might be a mistake in interpreting and analyzing the information provided with the 
help of a questionnaire.  
➢ As it was a one month internship the study was limited in extent. 
➢ Due to Lock down in Lucknow, the resources were limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 35]
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER IV 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 36]
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINDINGS 
 
❖ According to my finding based on this research paper the company is still in the phase of 
growth. 
❖ The graph below which mentions about the employee matrix tells us that most people are 
recruited as an agent or marketing interns. 
❖ For the past 2 years almost everyday atleast 2 people or more are being recruited in the 
organization. 
❖ Not many have heard or are aware about Shine Projects. 
❖ Since shine Projects started in 2020, thus it is not yet stabilized in terms of employee 
retention and new recruitments. 
❖ Many agents that have been recruited either they are looking for a job for some experience 
in marketing, certificate provided or to make part-time money. 
❖ People who have done online courses to obtain certifications are less than the number of 
people who had been or are existing interns at the company Shine Projects. 
❖ Satisfaction of customers: Majority (80%) of the agents are satisfied with the services.20% 
are not satisfied. 
 
 
 


[Page 37]
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EMPLOYEE COUNT 
 
 
 
 
(Source Google) 
 
 


[Page 38]
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEE RETENTION 
 
 
(Source Google) 


[Page 39]
 
(Source Google Form)  
❖ According to the research atleast 40 no. of people already working as an intern or agent 
responded to the survey. 
 
 
(Source Google Form) 
❖ More than 90% of sample size lies in the age limit of 18-25 years. 
 


[Page 40]
 
(Source Google Form) 
❖ For the response regarding experience 44% agents or in tern had good experience while 
12% had a bad experience. 
 
 
(Source Google Form) 
❖ 55% of respondent are not sure that if they want to continue their work for the organization 
or not. 
 


[Page 41]
The goal of organization - 
• To be a valuable and an affordable catalyst in everyone’s personal and professional skill 
development. 
• To work towards imparting practical knowledge to all our seekers in an affordable manner. 
• To enhance world’s current ed-tech scenario and assist students in attaining/improving the 
employability. 
• To incubate experts in providing effective and efficient knowledge transfer through our 
courses & Internships. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 42]
Conclusions 
 
HRM is a very vast and an elaborate section of overall management process in any organization. 
Behind every success or failure HR practices are considered the ultimate deciding factor, same goes 
for Shine Projects. The basic and main strength of the organization is recruitment as the more 
agents or interns hired the more its product is being sell. 
This internship has been an excellent and rewarding experience. I gained new knowledge and skills. 
I achieved many of my learning goals, however for some the conditions did not permit to achieve 
them as I wanted. I got insight into the work of an organization. Though I think it would have been 
more beneficial if we were able to attend and learn more practically instead of an online mode or e-
internship but due to pandemic it was not possible. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 43]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 44]
AGENTS REGISTERED DURING INTERNSHIP AS AN HR 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 45]
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) after reqruitment by agents 
 
Q) How do we login and use our dashboard? 
Ans) Interns have to login into their dashboard via https://www.shineprojects.in/admin/login. 
Your User ID & Passwords were already sent via SMS. 
You may follow the below steps: - 
1. Login 
2. Send the unique link to your prospective agents 
3. Ask them to follow the steps mentioned in the link 
4. And woah!! The agents will reflect under you! 
5. Motivate your agents to start making enrolments for 
the https://www.shineprojects.in/financial-markets-course 
 
Q) How will an agent get his/her offer letter? 
Ans) Agents have to login into their dashboard via https://www.shineprojects.in/agent/login 
and look for their offer letters in the menu on top left corner. 
 
Q) How will  agents keep a track on the number of enrollments done by them and 
how much payment is due for them? 
Ans) Agents have to login into their dashboard and there they can find all these details. 
 
Q) If agent didn’t get email/SMS after filling the form what should be done? 
Ans) Manually send them their dashboard link (https://www.shineprojects.in/agent/login) and 
make them get added to the WhatsApp group according to their gender. 
Male: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JyXCYiBtNdM8SIZJcj4cmO 


[Page 46]
Female: https://chat.whatsapp.com/K9AfNTUv6oe0dCMWBqd3n4 
 
Q) What are the schemes of revenue for agents? 
Ans) Agents can earn through 
1. ₹250/- per enrolment/sale, which is paid the very next day of enrolment. 
2. ₹10000 as an additional incentive on completing 100 enrollments/sales * 
*Note: Additional incentives will be valid for the respective month only and the 
enrollments can’t be carry forwarded to the next month. 
 
Q) How will the company pay agent/consultant the stipend? 
Ans) Payments are done via Razorpay. The payment links will be sent via SMS to you and 
your agents respectively. Open the link, enter bank or UPI details in it and payment will be credited 
in your account in no time. 
 
Q) Will the agents receive any certificates? 
Ans) Yes, agents will be provided with Experience Letter for the total tenure of their 
association with us, subject to a minimum association of 1 month at least and during that 1st month 
the agents must do at least 3 enrolments. 
 
Q) Does my agent have any links/channel where he/she can get any training? 
Ans Yes, the training resources are available below: 
1.Checkout the YouTube channel we created just for your training! 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeLwyi2BlGwIEuijdKxObXg/ 
We have short video clips on: - 
a) Introduction to the company & your job profile 


[Page 47]
b) How to explain the brochure to the client 
c) How can you maximize the marketing & sales beyond contacts 
2.https://mtabrezz.cincopa.com/watch/AgLAGw-YN-C9 
3. https://mtabrezz.cincopa.com/watch/A8AAqzO5Po9d\ 
4. https://mtabrezz.cincopa.com/watch/AsGA-y-z7l_z 
5. https://mtabrezz.cincopa.com/watch/AkIAcyu6jygY 
 
Q) What enablers are offered by the company to the agents which might aid them in 
closing a greater number of sales? 
Ans) The link of which is given in the dashboard  
1. Free Trial Classes 
2. Webinars. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 48]
OFFER LETTER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 49]
CV 
 
 
                                                         
 
 
 


[Page 50]
REFERENCES 
 
RESEARCH PAPER/BOOKS 
❖ The HR Scorecard- Brian Becker, Mark Huselid, Dave Ulrich 
❖ Recruitment is a part of HR Function Hemant Rao (2007) 
❖ HRM Report outline by Murtaza Ali Published on Jan 26, 2010   
❖ African Journal of Business Management – Role of HRM (Marwan M. Shammot) 2014 
❖ HRM Practices at MATRIX Business Development Ltd. (MBDL) Research paper 
(Md.Ahsanul Hoque) 2014 
❖ Ulrich, Dave, Dulebohn, James H on “Are we their yet? What’s next for HR?” in June 2015. 
❖ Stone, Dianna L., Deadrick, Diana L., Lukaszewski, Kimberly M., Johnson, Richard (2015) 
on “Influence of technology on the future of human resource management”. 
❖ Human Resource Management Practices in the Organizations. (L.M. Suhasini, Research 
Scholar, School of Management studies, VISTAS)  
 
 
WEBSITES 
https://growjo.com/company/Shine_Projects 
https://apollo.io/companies/Shine-Projects/5b138797a6da98dccddff2cb?chart=count 
My unique agent application link used to recruit agents 
https://www.shineprojects.in/agent/apply?r=50510768 
https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/61806062.pdf 
 
 
 
