... Sharks, today I have a problem to tell you. Problem is that I am a girl. And I have a style of glamorous, exciting and colorful clothes. But not anymore. Hi, Sharks. My name is Siddharth Dungarwal. And I am the founder and CEO at Snitch. India's fastest growing fast fashion brand for men. We will meet you on our website, shirts, t-shirts, denims and a lot more. We were one of the first brands in India who launched a co-ordid set for men. That is a pad clothing, which is 100% made in India. In 2020, we started this website and now we ship more orders from 2000 to daily basis. Wow. Wow. Our vision is that we have to make a brand for men and then capture the global market. That is why we are asking for 1.5 crores for 0.5% equity. 300 crores? The valuation is very important. We would like to thank all you guys. You can leave while we discuss work with them. Thank you, boys. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome to Sharks, Siddharth. Thank you, ma'am. Very good clothes. Good brand. So, you have mentioned about me. Where are you from? I am from Bangalore. Bangalore. And what have you done? Basically, I am just a B.Com graduate. I don't have any IIT, IIM, MBA. That's not all. I am a hardcore hustler. And clothing is being my passion from the age of 14, 15. 2009. I helped my father's jewelry shop. My jewelry was not really interested in my jewelry. My dad's jewelry shop was getting a shop in Bagal. So, I have to do something in clothing. Initially, when I started, I used to have the left over factory. I used to sell it in retail. And the stores started doing really well until 2012. So, when I was dealing with all these factories, there was a particular factory, which had to sell their fabrics. And I had a buyer ready. I had no money for 25 lakhs of investment. I took loan and did that transaction. But to my bad luck, that factory was an audit. And that was 20-25 days before it was dispatched. I was stuck with that factory. Then I made some of those small watches. One particular retailer was Bombayman. He called me and said, said, the factory is fabulous. Can you make sure it's out of it? And I was stunned because my production was not a background. Then, a small factory, I sat there for 3-4 weeks. I understood the whole process of production. I designed that 200-300 pieces. And I sold the customer. Over the weekend, all the shirts were sold out of the counter. And I ended up making 6.5 lakh rupees, whereas I was making 3 lakh rupees selling fabrics. Wow! I realized that manufacturing is a much bigger game. I started the business with the revenue of the annual run rate at 35-50. But while doing all of this, I saw a huge gap in the market. Every brand was following one traditional pattern. Then I started my own brand, Snitch. B2B brand, where retailers were selling it. They were getting new styles in small quantities. So I started getting a lot of good scale. But again, 2020 was the pandemic hit us. And we had a lot of inventory. So we launched Snitch.co.in. And ever since then, it's been a roller coaster ride for us. Today we have more than 50,000 visitors on our website. We have 5 lakh downloads on our app. Our conversion rate is anywhere between 2.5 to 2.8%. And our average auto value is about 17-100 rupees. Wow! Sit down, sir. You don't stop. I mean, you got a pair of shoes, you got a pair of boots, you got a pair of boots, you got a pair of boots, you got a pair of boots in the middle. You got a pair of life-y. What did you get for your age? I'm 35 years old. First, your brand name and your people are very good. This name, I registered in 2014. And on that time, I got a movie from Wenzhawns in K.A. It was a very small catchy name. I didn't know what snitching would be like. You too, very honest. In fact, explain to me what snitch is. It means that you have to chugle in Hindi. So, we are going to chugle in fashion. We give top-notch international standards quality, which could be compared to an H&M or a Zara. I'll come and see. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. But their price point is higher. And in year two, either they are not available, or in three, four, they are inaccessible. And we are a mass premium brand. We are perfectly positioned between a Mac and an H&M. No, no, no, no, no. Quickly. How much is this? 1499. And this? That's about 1599. So, this price will be a big factor to choose people. Absolutely. How much is yellow t-shirt? This is a Quartz set, basically, $1099. You tell me, who design, and how samples approve it? I have a design team, which has a set of 7 to 8 designers. And personally, I am involved in design. I don't understand any language in English. I have a lot of ideas. Sir, our model business is the fast passion, which means trends, every month, they change. But you will be in inventory. Dead stock. So, you cannot buy a fashion brand without having dead stock. But the advantage we have is that we make in very limited quantities. We make 50-100 pieces of batch. Our trigger points of its traction are kept. If we have to keep our expectations for 3 days, then immediately, the trigger will be triggered. You have to replenish it. And make sure that this 10-15 days can be delivered to you in the same time. So, you have made a full tech tech. Or is it still manually running? So, we have made a small tech watch app. We have made a proprietary technology. You should have a ready-label on today's date. But if you have a ready-label, then you will have to do business. No, sir. But the skill is... What is the skill you will tell us? I am telling you that. From design to making it live within 25 days, you need a lot of dots to be connected. Panterl, Alan, Solly, Vanna, and so many brands in India. There are reliance brands. Absolutely. Why not do these things? They have always been a traditional brand. And from my point of view, the entire fast passion game is the only one that has the same support. But you have a very basic design. No, sir. I just learned that I started making brands. But it was a big advantage. I was in the flight. I was in my bag. And he asked me, do you work at Smith? I said yes, I work at Smith. Then he asked me to do the history of the film. And I am the founder. But when I was in the background, I remember my memory. Yes, very well. I mean, I started listening to you after you started. Thank you. How much did you make? Sir, we have done it last month. Overall sales of 9 crores. Very nice. In which there is an avenue of the same website. It is a chequer road. Net of all returns, exchange, everything. The marketplace we only started 2 months ago. There we did about 1 crore rupees. And the B2B offline channel. We did it at 2.3 crores. So how much was your profit on the sales of the 9 crores? So our blended cross margin on net sales is about 47 to 48%. Then marketing is at about 24%. Okay. Shipping charges, which is at about 8 to 10%. Then after all operational expenses are a bitar currently is at about 4.5 to 5%. So the 9 crore business will say that you have earned 50 lakhs from 40 to 50 lakhs? Yes, sir. Because we are not focusing on the profit and profitability at all. If I have to go to that angle, then scalability will become a challenge. You are making a profit of 50 lakhs a month. You have not focused yet. If you focus, where will you go? Tell your funding. Sir, it is 100% bootstrap as of today. Bootstrap company. Bootstrap company is a founder or founding team. They have not taken any loan from their savings. They have put their money in the company. They say bootstrap company. No money raised. No money is not raised. Death is a sadhachar crore. This is a friend and family. How much interest do you give? 9% from 2% and 12% from 2%. What revenue has been in the past year? 44 crores. How much revenue this year? Sir, we should touch at least a 90 to 100 crores. But now, a saturation point has come, where funds and funds will be needed. You have to scale this at the same level. Where is your clarity coming from? Is someone supporting you? Is there anything to say? Sir, you are all the mentors. I have a lot of blogs. And the Internet is the biggest tool. How do you feel to the father? He had given the money to the boy he had given. He thought that he is a businessman. I would give this entire credit to my father itself. He wants your father to help his business. But as I said, he did not even ask me, why am I not able to do it? And he has always let me free and save with my sisters. He made sure that they stand on their feet first and then get married. He gave me a beautiful gift at the last birthday. He had written a whole story about my journey. He wrote this story here. I am the most proudest father. And the way you have actually delivered on the values of our upbringing. You wrote a lot. Who is your idol? My father and my mother. My mother was a person who pushed me towards starting the news store. She asked me to go to the Kursi. Do something on your own. You got a very good education. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. You have to be a good teacher. That's why I told him like he is an inspiration. That's why I told him like he is an inspiration. And he was a very big factor for me. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. Because you did the same thing. What do you think? Build percent. Build crore. That's a good valuation. How much did crore? 100 crore. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. That's a good valuation. Let's do it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. You know India's the biggest fashion brand. No, it's okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Bye. Thank you so much. Bye. Thank you. I have done so much investments today. I have done so much investment today. I have done so much investment today. I have done so much investment today. I have done so much investment today. I have done so much investment today. That's not for the patents of India.